cuda-binaries(1)                                        CUDA Toolkit Documentation                                       cuda-binaries(1)

NNAAMMEE
       nvcc - The NVIDIA CUDA Compiler

       cuobjdump - The NVIDIA CUDA Object Utility

       nvdisasm - The NVIDIA CUDA disassembler

       nvprune - The NVIDIA CUDA Prune Tool

       nsight - NVIDIA NSight, Eclipse Edition

       nvvp - The NVIDIA CUDA Visual Profiler

       nvprof - The NVIDIA CUDA Command-Line Profiler

       cuda-memcheck - The NVIDIA CUDA Check Tool

DDEESSCCRRIIPPTTIIOONN
   nnvvcccc
       The main wrapper for the NVIDIA CUDA Compiler suite. Used to compile and link both host and gpu code.

   ccuuoobbjjdduummpp
       The NVIDIA CUDA equivalent to the Linux objdump tool.

   nnvvddiissaassmm
       The NVIDIA CUDA disassembler for GPU code

   nnvvpprruunnee
       The  NVIDIA  CUDA  pruning  tool enables you to prune host object files or libraries to only contain device code for the specified
       targets, thus saving space.

   nnssiigghhtt
       Nsight Eclipse Edition is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developers building CUDA application on Linux and Mac OS
       X platforms. It is designed to help developers on all stages of the software development process.

   nnvvvvpp
       The  Visual  Profiler  is a graphical profiling tool that displays a timeline of your application's CPU and GPU activity, and that
       includes an automated analysis engine to identify optimization opportunities. The Visual Profiler is available as  both  a  stand‐
       alone application and as part of Nsight Eclipse Edition.

   nnvvpprrooff
       The nvprof profiling tool enables you to collect and view profiling data from the command-line

   ccuuddaa--mmeemmcchheecckk
       cuda-memcheck is a functional correctness checking suite included in the CUDA toolkit. This suite contains multiple tools that can
       perform different types of checks. The memcheck tool is capable of precisely detecting and attributing  out  of  bounds  and  mis‐
       aligned memory access errors in CUDA applications. The tool also reports hardware exceptions encountered by the GPU. The racecheck
       tool can report shared memory data access hazards that can cause data races.This document describes the usage of these tools.

       cuda-memcheck can be run in standalone mode where the user's application is started under cuda-memcheck.  The  memcheck  tool  can
       also be enabled in integrated mode inside cuda-gdb.

SSEEEE AALLSSOO
       ccuuddaa--lliibbrraarriieess(7), ccuuddaa--ggddbb(1)

NNOOTTEESS
       For more information, please see the online documentation at http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/index.html.

CCOOPPYYRRIIGGHHTT
       ©2013 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.

NVIDIA                                                          2013-12-25                                               cuda-binaries(1)
